and now what happened to you
I tune at times 10 times
I fucking lived you bitch fucking in the ass
kayfuyu its time to tap
your go you jumped fucking for us
fuck bastard blues may and so we are russia
because you came for us you
sentenced case and executions
confiscation of property until adjabun
damn fuck you think I believe fuck that
you yourself went through the liquidation of the Chechen scum
fuck you bitch fuck your mother's ass
What did you want to play for the team?
winners yes I upset you you go
fuck you until fucking shit enters you
already came to see us though went on here
my shade warmed went fuck
ships
Here you look at this scum he wants
replanting there shit fucking fuck you
sniper came you pidrila my black
I think you will sit down to play bolt room
shake drops and fuck off
take a long forehead pick fuck volume
tickled
vacuum cleaner its not exclude you on the key
on your marks
Well, they immediately warned you fucking hey
oh class and now you will be on the bruise of books
Leading your Qatar to be appealed
drought here catching me forever here
dan bomzhatsky went fuck bitch bomzhara
for what you could not deliver normally
pay the man
go fuck well
and you fag because work 4
no check did not lead
beauty scum a day on delicious and on
new house
your role is then fulfilled scum now you
can you go more food 4 went on
dick knows can of thrones with merch pain
this is take the leadership coincided organization
which is the detachment by people
back killed Fedor went fuck serious
girls I will allow you to share with me
mushroom cover
went fuck bitch fucking allah on went
fuck you, we won't give you here
snooping with a sniper pidrila fucking
I went bye bye implemented go fuck
from my room you bitch fucking pidaras are you
you will be techno for what you recently
cartridges fucking take bitch puke
need sergeya fucking poison soul guessed
that it will not give you the fatal here
composition in colors of Lithuanian fucking pidaras
thought were for playing hayushki there went
from here fuck pedril field die cube a
and that who wants to press will
who did this bitch we all of you
Cut the fuck Well, what do you like a fag
will be the next fucking lord
you really like go fuck a bitch
stop stop stop
and now in Russia before you
tefnut I want to say that your Dad
zhopny beam and you went to select all
who did you want to win the frog went
fuck bye